Prepayment:

Prepayment payment is an in-house payment for Novalnet AG. 
Once the order is placed in this payment type, the end customer should pay the amount for the order within some duration interval. 
Once the payment is received, the merchant will deliver the product based on the shipping duration.

Process
The end customer/user selects the product and adds the selected product to the cart. And proceed to checkout.
If it’s registered customers, they enter their login credentials and click login.
Enter the billing and shipping address if needed.
If it’s guest customers, they need to enter their billing and shipping address
They select the Invoice / Prepayment payment type and click the pay button.
From the shop, parameters were formed and sent a request to the Novalnet server (PSP).
Once the request is received from the shop, Novalnet will check the mandatory parameters; once all the mandatory parameters from the request are valid, TID (Transaction ID) will get generated.
If the requests are invalid, TID will generate a respective error message and redirect to the shop checkout/payment page.
Once TID is generated with a valid request, Novalnet will execute the fraud checks one by one based on the fraud module enabled by the merchant in the admin portal.
Enabled fraud module checks get completed. After that, the Novalnet server will send a response with transaction details, bank details, the payment due date, and payment reference to the shop.
If any one of fraud checks fails, redirects to the shop checkout/payment page with respective error messages.

Bank Details
Account Holder Name: Novalnet AG
Bank: Raiffeisenlandesbank OÖ Zndl Süddeutschland Passau
IBAN: DE92740201500000889824
BIC: RZOODE77050
Due Date: MM DD YYYY
Payment Reference 1: (Transaction ID)
Payment Reference 2: BNR – Project ID – Order No


invoice:
Invoice payment is an in-house payment for Novalnet AG. 
Once an order is placed in this payment type, the merchant delivers the product to the end customer within the shipping duration. Therefore,
the end customer should pay the amount for the order after the product reaches some duration interval.



